---
title: "About the Halcyon blog"
date: 2019-11-07T00:00:00+01:00
draft: false
categories:
  - Meta
cover: "images/bird.jpg"
cover_alt: "a small bird with blue feathers sits on a single naked branch, its back turned towards the camera but looking to the left. the background is green but blurry and out of focus"
description: "A few choice words about the Halcyon blog and its host."
---

# About me

Welcome to the Halcyon blog. My real name is Ivan, and I'm your host for the
day. Relax and take a look around.

This blog has started after one of my coworkers jokingly complained that I write
too much. So I figured that I should write more, and not necessarily just for
The Man.

I've been interested in tech for as long as I've been able to hold a mouse, so I
never know what to tell someone when they ask me for my experience. I was there
for dial-up, both browser wars, and had a YouTube account before Google bought
it - but all of those things can't go on a resume. I've been charging money to
make websites since 2015. I've worked on small startup projects as well as
multi-million user enterprise behemoths, so I've seen a lot of things.

If you would like to hit me up - to send me kind words, validate my writing, ask
me to clarify something or maybe even interject for a moment, I'm available via
mail on (hello&laquo;at&raquo;halcyon.hr), or via social links on the blog's
front page.

I am also available for consultations and light freelance work, if you need an
outsider's opinion on your code, or general advice.

# About this site

I've tried to keep it lightweight and fast. Hugo is used to generate static
pages, and I incorporated new, native options wherever I could (for example,
dark mode based on OS settings and native share sheets wherever available).

One of the goals was also to keep the website as accessible as possible. Please
reach out with suggestions if you're having trouble accessing the content, and
I'll do everything I can to make it right.

The Halcyon bird, affectionately known as *Birb*, has been designed by the
wonderful [Lucy](https://unsplash.com/@liusaydh).

# Copyright Notices
 
Every article on this blog is licensed under the [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
Please feel free to adapt the articles, share them, copy-paste bits and pieces
into your blog or knowledge base, or generally do whatever you want to. The
license only applies to my work on this blog - the licensing for other people's
images or projects linked to or embedded in this blog might be different.

This website uses icons by [Iconmonstr](https://iconmonstr.com).

This website uses the [Source Code Pro
font](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro) by Adobe. Please [click
here to review the Source Code Pro
license](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro/blob/release/LICENSE.md).

# Privacy & Data Collection Notices

The Halcyon blog does not store cookies with personally identifying data, and
does not collect any personal data otherwise. The site is hosted with
[Render](http://render.com), so I have no insight into the server logs. 

I am currently trialing [Plausible](https://plausible.io) as a privacy-focused,
ethical analytics solution. I believe in supporting small companies and not
selling out your privacy to the likes of Google - Plausible does not use
fingerprinting or cookies and claims not to share collected data with third
parties or mine or otherwise harvest your private data. You can read up on
[their privacy and data policy
here](https://plausible.io/data-policy#how-we-count-unique-users-without-cookies).

If you participate in comments, mentions, or other interactive parts of the
blog, I will only store and process the data that you explicitly agree to share.

_Cover: Photo by [Jan Meeus](https://unsplash.com/@janmeeus) on 
[Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)_
